 Cold, alone and sleeping rough on the streets, our protagonist comes across a flyer advertising Murkov's charitable outreach centres.
 Intrigued they check it out but they are tricked. They are shoved into one of the liberty meet haulage trucks with a sack over their head along with other poor individuals and are tricked to the Señala facility.
 The reagent is met with a horrific sight like something out of a horror movie. The doctors then show the reagent a message from a now mysterious Dr. Easterman, who introduces himself as their fr-
 friend. The doctors show the reagent a collection of their public and private records, they force the reagent to consent to these records being collected by forcibly nodding their head and then they...
 drill into the reagent's skull and attach a set of night vision goggles to their head. The reagent then wakes up and makes their way through a dark passageway to the front of a mansion, with a TV screen giving a direct sh-
 to erase their past. Inside the reagent is directed to stages showing key parts of their life, their birth which is described as the single most destructive thing they have done to the world.
 that they have to release the past and embrace the future along with a new birth. Then to a stage showing a playroom where the reagent will have learned joy. The reagent will have from a young age of about 2 years old.
 developed primal and animalistic instincts and that the reagent now has to forget those instincts. The next room talks about discipline, about rewards and punishment.
 and how a disciplined child is grateful for both. A little while later the reagent is attacked by a crazy and deranged subject. Remember the ex-pop from Project Lave version 1?
 this individual is one of those ex-pops from that version of Lave. After healing, the reagent sees an apple being handed to them and grabs it, only for Mother Gooseberry and her hand puppet, Dr F-
 Ottoman to viciously attack our protagonist. This isn't the last of Guzburi though as the reagent sees her punishing another subject for misbehaving, for listening to
 the voices on the radio are not listening to Mother. The reagent then has to take their public and private records and shred them, destroying all evidence of their existence.
 they are now officially a new body. After being violently pursued by Guzburry once again, the reagent manages to make it to the safety of the shuttle, where they are taken to an area known as the Sle-
 room whilst a message from Easterman plays on the screen with weird symbols flashing, imprinting the message into the reagent's brain.
 being doubt cleared and witty. Everything perfectly under control kept tiny for somebody with just your dysfunctions.
 We're returning you to the Sleep Room now. A place you can reflect on what you've learned. This is exciting. What a gift.
 What an opportunity. The sleep room is essentially the dorm in which the reagent's sleep, recover, customize their room, eat Murkoff's culinary delight in the canteen and
 arm wrestle one another until they are ready to enter into their next therapy session. A reagent must complete all of the sessions which will burn away their old self and then and only then they will be ready to earn their f-
 freedom and progressed through the very last session. But there are 4 people of particular interest in the sleep room area. The first is Dr. Wernicke watching and observing the reagents.
 The second person is Emily Barlow, the pharmacist. She provides permanent prescriptions to the reagents in exchange for green vouchers, which will give the reagents new abilities to
 to help them through their trials. The third is a man named Cornelius Nokes. He's a World War II veteran and was an Air Force engineer, but he was recruited and then abducted by Murkoff.
 and kept there at the facility to provide technical maintenance to the reagent's equipment. No extremes of escaping Señala, but is for the moment at least, were assigned to staying given the
 that many have tried and failed to escape. And finally the fourth person is a lady named Doris Ritter. She has had a hard life from his court's Pinmerkov's charity outreach programme where she was
 for the trials. She no longer takes part in the trials but she sits in the canteen, ruminating about conspiracies and is highly paranoid. She provides things called am-
 Contraband in Sinhala, which provide the reagents with other abilities that the likes of Nukes and Barlow cannot supply.
 The reagent makes it through each trial, soaking up all the trauma that Guzbury, Coyle, the X-Pops and Murkoff can throw at them. They get blue Murkoff release tokens, and after they've collected enough they can earn the-
 release. After acquiring them and speaking to the guard, the reagent has earned their freedom. Well, actually not quite yet, there's one final test.
 are inside you now. If you can survive one final test, you can leave this place. This is the hostile womb from which you must claw your way to f-
 freedom to power to history you will be a perfect weapon the most innocent child ever born
 You're the future. New public and private records exist for the reagent now. They must take these records to separate areas and lock them away, almost as a way of accept-
